I also need RMB for something important.
We can't send him back to his position.
It's okay. It's okay.
Anyway, I'm tired of playing
Take him away quickly
I'm not going, you're not going back
Let go of me
Mr. Gu, what kind of eyes do you still have?
What did you mean by that?
Hmm
Which sentence?
What is 01 saying that the technology is very good?
You and your brother are very happy
What do you mean?
Oh oh I mean ah 01 said he is very skilled
No wonder you brought him with you in the library?
Actually that's what I meant
Ouch, don't oops, stop hitting
Mr. Guo
Mr. Guo, are you threatening me to say that?
Ah, what do you mean?
Call Gu Yiming
Just do as I just said
Auntie, can you put the knife down first?
sister
Mr. Gu, why did you suddenly call me?
I really don't know.
Why did he make us say that?
If I had known earlier that you were related to Taizhou
How could I possibly have him by my side?
Hey, I'm warning you!
Don't let him know you're impersonating, right?